Yes everyone, thank you for seeing the blog after the video of the Japanese heart Einou store in Japan
Today also I would like to introduce one your items essential to the Obon It Is
I am in front of the pad that I introduce this woman animation or blog many times
I would like to introduce this book and offering platform for a moment Yes
Japan's reaction point is
We have a variety of sizes available for plastic home base made of wood .
So what is this book right now for putting Shojin dishes
Also meet rice miso soup pickles boiled
You'll put it on a little special bird like a tray Alone in the eye or left in the sun
To
I usually put out a little bit
I think that it is good if it is prepared as something that will give a light and give it a go
I will tell you one point here.
Which side do you want to drink on this day ?
Yes
Say little and that tend There everyone is not facing directly to their side
There is often that is not facing directly the I Takahashi as raise it anyone this if I were you
But it's also different
Please be chopsticks po solved towards the Tama River
Our roots on this side was like there is a tension here in your memorial tablet is ne of that orb tour altar
Point your eyelids
It is a point to say that clothes
Furthermore
It is because when this it special
Break the fruits and let them do a lot
eh
It is time to say on supposed a little less well into the normal dispersion
There are each size so please let it go down a lot
The point of the piece is that there is also a cat foot
By increasing the offerings in the pipe such that there is foot I say this kind of Takatsuki rather than a flat dish
Please give me
If you can
Please raise assistant lime
I'm in a space where I raised the whole book
I want you to put the fruit and sweets as a lot of sound data
Please try to see My fist size is about 5 pieces or less
I can carry a lot of fruits
Let's go see how it talks once more
Also we received the good of Buddha four bridges to say
See you on both sides
Please try it because it is a large plate with a table .
April book everyone is okay anymore ready to
That's right , if you don't have this main hall or offering table ready
Yes please make 10 editions We look forward to your visit
Thank you for watching the video